[Python] list methods. code format and proofread (#2877)
exercism/v3: languages/python/exercises/concept/chaitanas-colossal-coaster/.docs/introduction.md

```python
>>> numbers = [1, 2, 3]
>>> numbers.insert(0, -2)
>>> numbers
[-2, 1, 2, 3]
>>> numbers.insert(1, 0)
>>> numbers
[-2, 0, 1, 2, 3]
```

If you have an iterable that you would like to _combine_ with your current list (concatenating the two), you can use the `.extend()` method. `.extend()` will unpack the supplied iterable and add its elements in order to your list (_using `.append()` in this circumstance would add the entire iterable as a **single element**._).

```python
>>> numbers = [1, 2, 3]
>>> other_numbers = [5, 6, 7]

>>> numbers.extend(other_numbers)
>>> numbers
[1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7]

>>> numbers.extend([8, 9])
>>> numbers
[1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]
```

### Removing Items

If you want to delete an element, you can use `.remove()` and pass the item you want removed from the list. `.remove()` will throw a `ValueError` if the item to be removed is not in the list.

```python
>>> numbers = [1, 2, 3]
>>> numbers.remove(2)
>>> numbers
[1, 3]
>>> numbers.remove(0)
ValueError: list.remove(x): x not in list
```

> Alternatively, using the `.pop()` function will both remove **and** `return` an element for use. If you don't specify any parameter, the function will remove the last element and return it to you. Pop takes one optional parameter, the index of the item you want to remove and returns the item to you. If you specify an index greater than the length of the list, you will get an `IndexError`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, using the `.pop()` function will both remove **and** `return` an element for use. It takes one optional parameter -- the index of the item to be removed and returned. If no index argument is given, the method will remove and return the last element on the list.  Supplying an index greater than the length of the list will result in an `IndexError` .
```

```python
>>> numbers = [1, 2, 3]
>>> numbers.pop()
3
>>> numbers
[1, 2]
>>> numbers.pop(0)
1
>>> numbers
[2]
```

If you'd like to remove all the items from the list you can use the `.clear()` method. It does not have any parameters.

```python
>>> numbers = [1, 2, 3]
>>> numbers.clear()
>>> numbers
[]
```

### Reversing and reordering

Items in the list can be reordered in reverse with `.reverse()`.

```python
>>> numbers = [1, 2, 3]
>>> numbers.reverse()
>>> numbers
[3, 2, 1]
```

You can re-order your list _**in place**_ with the help of the `.sort()` method. Internally, python uses [`Timsort`][timsort] to arrange the list. If the elements are alphanumerical, you don't have to provide any arguments to `.sort()`. Optionally, you can define a custom key for sorting criteria. The Python docs offer some [additional tips and techniques for sorting][sorting how to] lists effectively.

```python
>>> names = ["Tony", "Natasha", "Thor", "Bruce"]
>>> names.sort()
>>> names
["Bruce", "Natasha", "Thor", "Tony"]
```

> If you want the sort to be in descending order, you can use the reverse parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want the sort to be in descending order, you can pass the reverse argument:
```

### Occurrences of an item in the list

You can find the number of occurrences of an element in the list with the help of `.count()`. It takes the element you need to tally as its argument, and returns the total number of times it appears on the list.

```python
>>> items = [1, 4, 7, 8, 2, 9, 2, 1, 1, 0, 4, 3]
>>> items.count(1)
3
```

### Finding the index of items

The function `.index()` will provide you the index number of the first occurrence of the item you pass in. If you do not have any occurrences of the item, a `ValueError` is raised. If you do not need the exact position of an item and are only checking that it is present on the list, the built-in `in` operator is more efficient. The index is zero-based, meaning the first item is at the position 0.

```python
>>> items = [7, 4, 1, 0, 2, 5]
>>> items.index(4)
1
>>> items.index(10)
ValueError: 10 is not in list
```

You can provide start and end indices to search within a specific section of the list.

```python
>>> names = ["Tina", "Leo", "Thomas", "Tina", "Emily", "Justin"]
>>> names.index("Tina")
0
>>> names.index("Tina", 2, 5)
3
```

### Making Copies

> Lists are collections of items which are referenced by an index. Therefor, if you do re-assign a list object to another variable, any change you do to the new variable will also impact the original variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that _names_ (variables) in Python are labels that point to underlying objects. This creates a few surprises when working with lists.  

If you assign a list object to a new variable name, any change you make to the list using the _new_ variable name will _also impact_ the original variable name -- both names point to the **same list object**.  To avoid this problem, use `copy()` or a slice.
```

```python
>>> actual_names = ["Tony", "Natasha", "Thor", "Bruce"]

> >>> same_list = actual_names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# this only creates a new name, not a new list object
>>> same_list = actual_names
```

> >>> same_list.append("Clarke")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# using either name will mutate the *common* list -- both names point to the same object
>>> same_list.append("Clarke")
```
